# ProjetFoodDesert
Project Food Desert 
            The objective of our project is to provide a directory and a resource for individuals who live in Food Deserts.  Food deserts can be described as geographic areas where residents’ access to affordable, healthy food options (especially fresh fruits and vegetables) is restricted or nonexistent due to the absence of grocery stores within convenient travelling distance. In urban areas, access to public transportation may help residents overcome the difficulties posed by distance; however, economic forces have driven grocery stores out of many cities in recent years, making them so few and far between.
            The other defining characteristic of food deserts is socio-economic: that is, they are most commonly found in communities that are low-income areas (where many people don’t have cars). Studies have found that wealthy districts have three times as many supermarkets as poor ones do, that wealthier neighborhoods contain an average of four times as many supermarkets as predominantly poor ones do, and that grocery stores in these communities are usually smaller with less selection.
            People’s choices about what to eat are severely limited by the options available to them and what they can afford—and many food deserts contain an overabundance of fast food chains selling cheap “meat” and dairy-based foods that are high in fat, sugar and salt. Processed foods (such as snack cakes, chips and soda) typically sold by corner delis, convenience stores and liquor stores are usually just as unhealthy.
            The objective of our project is to provide a resource for people who would like to have a tool that easily locates food resources that encourages healthy food choices, especially for those who are economically challenged and where there is a significant unavailability. Decision-making is an important component of self-care that is affected by food deserts. Time constraints affect decision-making and people often choose to go to a closer convenience store rather than travel farther for fresh food.  We want to reduce the decision making timeframe and improve the ability of affected individuals to make the best decisions.
        </strong></p>